Checkout

Baker                                                                                                                                        Peirce                         Homan's                      ECM
Step 1 - Select fullfillment - Note that at the top of the page there is a "Order
Details" section but there is no label or call out on what the section is - Not
good




                                                                                                                                                                            Switch Account
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Send Email to these addresses




Order Details - the account and job account drop downs are similar to the
account drawer, they use drop downs. PO# is a text field with some validation
(no special characters). Job name is just freeform text and not required



                                                                                                                                                                                                         Delivery Date Picker




Warnging Section - This warning is specific for Branch Transfers - e.g. the
items you addd to cart are not at your selected branch. There are also
warnings for back orders (not in stock at any branch, but UX is very similar.
However it is possible that both warnings can appear



                                                                                                                                             Adding A Shipping Address




Fullfillment - shipping option shows current branch with Change option. Also has date picker of
pickup date. Baker express is jsut an additional Service
                                                                                                                                                                                                         Delivery - Truck




                                                                                                                                                                            Date Selector




                                                                                                                                             Shipping - Date Selector




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Adding Shipping Address



Fullfillment - Shipping user selects address. Looks like some are randomly defaulted (no idea the logic)




                                                                                                                                                                            Delivery




                                                                                                                                             Selecting a pickup location



Fullfillment shipping 2 - once you select an address, requested delivery date appears. warning message shows up if outside 150 miles and defaults to LTL Freight shipment




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Delivery - Freight




                                                                                                                                                                            Delivery Address Selection




                                                                                                                                                                                                         Delivery UPS




fullfillment 3 - Multiple delivery types available




                                                                                                                                                                            Adding a new Address

                                                                                                                                                                                                         Payment - New Credit Card




                                                                                                                                             Payment - Credit Card




fullfillent 4 - date picker. it has some basic validation - if past a certain time, same day or next day is not
available. Customer is not notified



                                                                                                                                                                            Payment - Credit Card
                                                                                                             Review Page




                                                          Thank you Page
                                                                                                             Thank you Page




fullfillment 5 - warning note shown after slecting date



                                                                           Order Requires Special Handling




                                                                           Coupon Code Entry




payment - creit card




                                                                           Thank you Page




payment - terms




review
